Hello 





        JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Google Careers. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To view the site, please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.
      

       Careers 
    Skip to content
   
          Teams
        
          Locations
        
          Benefits
        
          Jobs
        
          Students
          
        Sign in
            
    Jobs
             Careers  
          Teams
        
          Locations
        
          Benefits
        
          Jobs
        
          Students
             
        Edit filters
         
        No results. Search again or try removing filters.
       2023-01-25T17:30:37.545Z    
          Share
             
            Save
            
      Software Engineering Manager II, Google Cloud
            Google            In-office: 
          Kirkland, 
          WA, 
          USA
                   
          Sunnyvale, 
          CA, 
          USA
                   
          Seattle, 
          WA, 
          USA
             
  Apply
       Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Kirkland, WA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA. 
          Qualifications
         Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent practical experience.

5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).
3 years of experience in a technical leadership role; overseeing strategic projects, with 2 years of experience in a people management, supervision/team leadership role.

Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.

3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization.

 
            About the job
             Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started -- and as a manager, you guide the way.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.The US base salary range for this full-time position is $174,000-$276,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google. 
            Responsibilities
             
Set and communicate team priorities that support the broader organization's goals. Align strategy, processes, and decision-making across teams.
Set clear expectations with individuals based on their level and role and aligned to the broader organization's goals. Meet regularly with individuals to discuss performance and development and provide feedback and coaching.
Develop the mid-term technical vision and roadmap within the scope of your (often multiple) team(s). Evolve the roadmap to meet anticipated future requirements and infrastructure needs.
Design, guide and vet systems designs within the scope of the broader area, and write product or system development code to solve ambiguous problems. 

Review code developed by other engineers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).

 Information collected and processed as part of your Google Careers profile, and any job applications you choose to submit is subject to Google's Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law.  If you have a need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. To learn more about COVID vaccination requirements for US Google workplaces, read our Vaccination Entry Policy. At Google, we’re committed to building a workforce that is more representative of the users we serve and creating a culture where everyone feels like they belong. To learn more about our diversity, equity, inclusion commitments and how we’re building belonging, please visit our Belonging page for more information. We welcome and encourage people who are expecting and/or parents-to-be to apply to this or any other role at Google. Google is a global company and, in order to facilitate efficient collaboration and communication globally, English proficiency is a requirement for all roles.           
        Privacy
         
        Applicant and Candidate Privacy
        
        Terms
           
    This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and analyze traffic.
   
      Learn more
     
      OK
      




   



















 